Writeup File
Homework Link:http://cs-server.usc.edu:2345/hw2/login1.php
This website is about the management of a clothing line.I have used 5 tables employee,productcategory,product,users,specialsales.
1.Employee
employeeid	int(11)	-primary key		
userid	int(11)		-foreign key in users table	
firstname	varchar(255)-first name of employee	
lastname	varchar(255)-last name of employee	
age	int(11)		-age of employee			 
employeepay	int(11)-employee pay
2.Users
userid	int(11)		-primary key	
username	varchar(255)	-username of employee
password	varchar(255)	-password of employee
usertype	text            -manager,admin or sales manager
3.Product
productid	int(11)	-primary key	
productcategoryid	int(11)	-foreign key in product category table		
productname	varchar(255)	-product name
productimage	varchar(255)-product image	
productprice int(11)	-product price
4.Product Category
productcategoryid	int(11)	-primary key in product category table	
productcategoryname	varchar(255)	-product category name
5.Special Sales
specialsalesid	int(11)	-primary key		
productid	int(11)	-foreign key in product table		
startdate	date	- start date	
enddate	date	-end date		
discount	int(11)	-discount

Username and Passwords
admin username:namrata password:456
sales manager username:aardraa password:123
manager username:abhishanga password:aardraa17

Files
prelogin.html-Contains the upper part of the login file including the heading
postlogin.html-Contains the latter part of the page.AJAX is implemented in the terms and conditions.
login1.php-Validates the usernames and passwords from the users database and accordingly either redirects to a particular page after a sucessful login or gives an error message.
manager.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for selection of reports for product,productcategory,specialsales and employee.
manager1.php-Contains search criteria for employee details.
manager2.php-Contains search criteria for special sale details.
manager3.php-Contains search criteria for product details.
manager4.php-Contains search criteria for product category details.
display1.php-SQL for product search is implemented.
display2.php-SQL for employee search is implemented.
display3.php-SQL for special sales search is implemented.
display4.php-SQL for product category search is implemented.
employee.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying product,productcategory and specialsales details.
addchangeproduct.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of product.
addchangeproductcat.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of product category.
addchangess.php-Addition of special sales with product discount,start date,end date or modifying the existing details of special sales product.
addproduct.php-SQL implementation for adding product.
addproductcat.php-SQL implementation for adding product category.
addss.php-SQL implementation for adding special sales.
changedeleteproduct.php-Radio list if change for product with price and name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteproductcat.php-Radio list if change for product category with name  or checkbox for delete.
changedeletess.php-Radio list if change for product with start date,end date and discount  or checkbox for delete.
changeproduct.php-SQL implementation for changing product details.
changeproductcat.php-SQL implementation for changing product category details.
changess.php-SQL implementation for changing special sales details.
deleteproduct.php-SQL implementation for deleting product details.
deleteproductcat.php-SQL implementation for deleting product category details.
deletess.php-SQL implementation for deleting special sales details.
admin.php-Session time starts here.Contains buttons for adding,changing and modifying user and user login plus product,productcategory and specialsales details.Also can search for reports.
addchangeuser.php-Addition of product with price and name or modifying the existing details of user login.
addchangeuser1.php-Addition of product category name or modifying the existing details of user details .
adduser.php-SQL implementation for adding user.
adduser1.php-SQL implementation for adding user details.
changedeleteuser.php-Radio list if change for user with username,password and usertype  or checkbox for delete.
changedeleteuser1.php-Radio list if change for user category with first name,last name,age and employeepay  or checkbox for delete.
changeuser.php-SQL implementation for changing user login details with username,password and usertype.
changeuser1.php-SQL implementation for changing user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
deleteuser.php-SQL implementation for deleting user login details with username,password and usertype.
deleteuser1.php-SQL implementation for deleting user details with first name,last name,age and employeepay.
logout.php-Timeout after 5minutes.Redirected to the login page.